README.md, before:

# Godot Engine

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://godotengine.org">
    <img src="logo_outlined.svg" width="400" alt="Godot Engine logo">
  </a>
</p>

## 2D and 3D cross-platform game engine

**[Godot Engine](https://godotengine.org) is a feature-packed, cross-platform
game engine to create 2D and 3D games from a unified interface.** It provides a
comprehensive set of common tools, so that users can focus on making games
without having to reinvent the wheel. Games can be exported in one click to a
number of platforms, including the major desktop platforms (Linux, macOS,
Windows), mobile platforms (Android, iOS), as well as Web-based platforms
(HTML5) and
[consoles](https://docs.godotengine.org/en/latest/tutorials/platform/consoles.html).

## Free, open source and community-driven

Godot is completely free and open source under the very permissive MIT license.
No strings attached, no royalties, nothing. The users' games are theirs, down
to the last line of engine code. Godot's development is fully independent and
community-driven, empowering users to help shape their engine to match their
expectations. It is supported by the [Software Freedom Conservancy](https://sfconservancy.org/)
not-for-profit.

Before being open sourced in February 2014, Godot had been developed by Juan
Linietsky and Ariel Manzur (both still maintaining the project) for several
years as an in-house engine, used to publish several work-for-hire titles.

![Screenshot of a 3D scene in Godot Engine](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/godotengine/godot-design/master/screenshots/editor_tps_demo_1920x1080.jpg)

## Getting the engine

### Binary downloads

Official binaries for the Godot editor and the export templates can be found
[on the homepage](https://godotengine.org/download).

### Compiling from source

[See the official docs](https://docs.godotengine.org/en/latest/development/compiling/)
for compilation instructions for every supported platform.

## Community and contributing

Godot is not only an engine but an ever-growing community of users and engine
developers. The main community channels are listed [on the homepage](https://godotengine.org/community).

To get in touch with the engine developers, the best way is to join the
[Godot Contributors Chat](https://chat.godotengine.org).

To get started contributing to the project, see the [contributing guide](CONTRIBUTING.md).

## Documentation and demos

The official documentation is hosted on [ReadTheDocs](https://docs.godotengine.org).
It is maintained by the Godot community in its own [GitHub repository](https://github.com/godotengine/godot-docs).

The [class reference](https://docs.godotengine.org/en/latest/classes/)
is also accessible from the Godot editor.

The official demos are maintained in their own [GitHub repository](https://github.com/godotengine/godot-demo-projects)
as well.

There are also a number of other
[learning resources](https://docs.godotengine.org/en/latest/community/tutorials.html)
provided by the community, such as text and video tutorials, demos, etc.
Consult the [community channels](https://godotengine.org/community)
for more information.

[![Actions Build Status](https://github.com/godotengine/godot/workflows/Godot/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://github.com/godotengine/godot/actions)
[![Code Triagers Badge](https://www.codetriage.com/godotengine/godot/badges/users.svg)](https://www.codetriage.com/godotengine/godot)
[![Translate on Weblate](https://hosted.weblate.org/widgets/godot-engine/-/godot/svg-badge.svg)](https://hosted.weblate.org/engage/godot-engine/?utm_source=widget)
[![Total alerts on LGTM](https://img.shields.io/lgtm/alerts/g/godotengine/godot.svg?logo=lgtm&logoWidth=18)](https://lgtm.com/projects/g/godotengine/godot/alerts)
[![TODOs](https://badgen.net/https/api.tickgit.com/badgen/github.com/godotengine/godot)](https://www.tickgit.com/browse?repo=github.com/godotengine/godot)

## CMake part 

This project is started, and still intended, for an educational purposes, to learn CMake and cross compilation in general.
If you want to support it in any way, just test it yourself and leave an issue on whatever you found, so I can reasearch more staff.

For now windows is the only platform that is supported. Next will be linux, and after that android.. 
And I probably not even be able to finish android, so I don't know that will be next.

Commit message:

Small changes to readme and fixes for mono module - added contact info into readme - added SYSTEM_DIR's into some python scripts from mono module

README.md, after:

# Godot Engine

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://godotengine.org">
    <img src="logo_outlined.svg" width="400" alt="Godot Engine logo">
  </a>
</p>

## 2D and 3D cross-platform game engine

**[Godot Engine](https://godotengine.org) is a feature-packed, cross-platform
game engine to create 2D and 3D games from a unified interface.** It provides a
comprehensive set of common tools, so that users can focus on making games
without having to reinvent the wheel. Games can be exported in one click to a
number of platforms, including the major desktop platforms (Linux, macOS,
Windows), mobile platforms (Android, iOS), as well as Web-based platforms
(HTML5) and
[consoles](https://docs.godotengine.org/en/latest/tutorials/platform/consoles.html).

## Free, open source and community-driven

Godot is completely free and open source under the very permissive MIT license.
No strings attached, no royalties, nothing. The users' games are theirs, down
to the last line of engine code. Godot's development is fully independent and
community-driven, empowering users to help shape their engine to match their
expectations. It is supported by the [Software Freedom Conservancy](https://sfconservancy.org/)
not-for-profit.

Before being open sourced in February 2014, Godot had been developed by Juan
Linietsky and Ariel Manzur (both still maintaining the project) for several
years as an in-house engine, used to publish several work-for-hire titles.

![Screenshot of a 3D scene in Godot Engine](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/godotengine/godot-design/master/screenshots/editor_tps_demo_1920x1080.jpg)

## Getting the engine

### Binary downloads

Official binaries for the Godot editor and the export templates can be found
[on the homepage](https://godotengine.org/download).

### Compiling from source

[See the official docs](https://docs.godotengine.org/en/latest/development/compiling/)
for compilation instructions for every supported platform.

## Community and contributing

Godot is not only an engine but an ever-growing community of users and engine
developers. The main community channels are listed [on the homepage](https://godotengine.org/community).

To get in touch with the engine developers, the best way is to join the
[Godot Contributors Chat](https://chat.godotengine.org).

To get started contributing to the project, see the [contributing guide](CONTRIBUTING.md).

## Documentation and demos

The official documentation is hosted on [ReadTheDocs](https://docs.godotengine.org).
It is maintained by the Godot community in its own [GitHub repository](https://github.com/godotengine/godot-docs).

The [class reference](https://docs.godotengine.org/en/latest/classes/)
is also accessible from the Godot editor.

The official demos are maintained in their own [GitHub repository](https://github.com/godotengine/godot-demo-projects)
as well.

There are also a number of other
[learning resources](https://docs.godotengine.org/en/latest/community/tutorials.html)
provided by the community, such as text and video tutorials, demos, etc.
Consult the [community channels](https://godotengine.org/community)
for more information.

[![Actions Build Status](https://github.com/godotengine/godot/workflows/Godot/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://github.com/godotengine/godot/actions)
[![Code Triagers Badge](https://www.codetriage.com/godotengine/godot/badges/users.svg)](https://www.codetriage.com/godotengine/godot)
[![Translate on Weblate](https://hosted.weblate.org/widgets/godot-engine/-/godot/svg-badge.svg)](https://hosted.weblate.org/engage/godot-engine/?utm_source=widget)
[![Total alerts on LGTM](https://img.shields.io/lgtm/alerts/g/godotengine/godot.svg?logo=lgtm&logoWidth=18)](https://lgtm.com/projects/g/godotengine/godot/alerts)
[![TODOs](https://badgen.net/https/api.tickgit.com/badgen/github.com/godotengine/godot)](https://www.tickgit.com/browse?repo=github.com/godotengine/godot)

## CMake part 

This project is started, and still intended, for an educational purposes, to learn CMake and cross compilation in general.
If you want to support it in any way, just test it yourself and leave an issue on whatever you found, so I can reasearch more staff.

For now windows and linux are the only platforms that supported. And I, probably, will not add any more platforms.. 

If you will have any questions, feel free to contact me via email: lue.services@protonmail.com
